Update README.md (#4)
voltrondata/substrait-python: README.md

> # Substrait

Reviewer: If we intend to call this package PySubstrait, I think it's best for the heading at the top of the readme to use that name
```suggestion
# PySubstrait
```

> [Substrait](https://substrait.io) is a cross-language specification for data compute operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A Python package for [Substrait](https://substrait.io), the cross-language specification for data compute operations.
```
